= active_record_sunspotter





== Upgrade notes

Upgrading the sunspot family of gems from 2.0.0 to 2.1.0 has been a bit of a nightmare.

However

Both solr/conf/schema.xml and solr/conf/solrconfig.xml differ between the 2 versions, so update your app's.

Once updated, the mods in active_record_sunspotter.rb can be removed.
Also, remove the added require line in the Rakefile for sunspot rake tasks.

Create a solr/solr.xml to look like so ...

 <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
 <solr persistent="false">
  <cores adminPath="/admin/cores" host="${host:}" hostPort="${jetty.port:}">
    <core name="production"  instanceDir="." dataDir="data/production"/>
    <core name="development" instanceDir="." dataDir="data/development"/>
    <core name="test"        instanceDir="." dataDir="data/test"/>
  </cores>
 </solr>

... or use the new one, but reorganize the solr directory.




config/sunspot.yml needs an absolute solr_home for each environment, and a path too

    solr_home: /Users/jakewendt/github_repo/jakewendt/active_record_sunspotter/solr
    path: /solr/production


Apparently, solr.xml's dataDir and sunspot.yml's path must match.  Or not?



Rather confused on this issue. The command (ps | grep solr) shows a solr.data.dir of /solr/data/development 
even though 

 solr.xml ...
    <core name="development" instanceDir="." dataDir="development/data"/>

 sunspot.yml
    path: /solr/development

Seems to use both data/development and development/data for some reason?








REALLY NEED TO MAKE THIS UPGRADABLE!  Not Upgrade-and-start-overable!








sudo mkdir /opt/local/lib/ruby2.0/gems/2.0.0/gems/sunspot_solr-2.1.0/solr/solr-webapp
sudo chmod 777 /opt/local/lib/ruby2.0/gems/2.0.0/gems/sunspot_solr-2.1.0/solr/solr-webapp

2014-05-02 14:26:28.072:INFO:oejd.DeploymentManager:Deployable added: /opt/local/lib/ruby2.0/gems/2.0.0/gems/sunspot_solr-2.1.0/solr/contexts/solr.xml
2014-05-02 14:26:28.116:WARN:oejx.XmlConfiguration:Config error at <Set name="tempDirectory"><Property name="jetty.home" default="."/>/solr-webapp</Set> java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException

Caused by: 
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Bad temp directory: /opt/local/lib/ruby2.0/gems/2.0.0/gems/sunspot_solr-2.1.0/solr/solr-webapp


I suppose it could be another folder, but you'd need to modify the gem's solr/contexts/solr.xml file.



In 2.1.1, the tempDirectory is removed so this last mod is unnecessary.




== Modifications

I'm stuck using version 2.0.0.  Seems to be issues with java.  Anywho.
This file loads too early for me to override, so...

Need to edit ...

/opt/local/lib/ruby2.0/gems/2.0.0/gems/sunspot_rails-2.0.0/lib/sunspot_rails.rb

... to require 'json' rather than 'to_json' for rails 4.1.0 and above like so.


if ::Rails.version >= '4.1'
	require 'active_support/core_ext/object/json' 
elsif ::Rails.version >= '3'
	require 'active_support/core_ext/object/to_json' 
end





The 2.1.0 version of this file is now included in this gem.

And another mod... (I may be able to patch this one.)

sunspot_rails-2.0.0/lib/sunspot/rails/searchable.rb

Must comment out the :include option.  

251           find_in_batch_options = {
252 #            :include => options[:include],
253             :batch_size => options[:batch_size],
254             :start => options[:start]
255           }


Don't know why now as it has been there for a while, but even looking back to 4.0.3
it hasn't been a valid key?

ArgumentError: Unknown key: :include. Valid keys are: :start, :batch_size
/my/ruby/gems/2.0/gems/activesupport-4.1.0/lib/active_support/core_ext/hash/keys.rb:71:in `block in assert_valid_keys'
/my/ruby/gems/2.0/gems/activesupport-4.1.0/lib/active_support/core_ext/hash/keys.rb:69:in `each_key'
/my/ruby/gems/2.0/gems/activesupport-4.1.0/lib/active_support/core_ext/hash/keys.rb:69:in `assert_valid_keys'
/my/ruby/gems/2.0/gems/activerecord-4.1.0/lib/active_record/relation/batches.rb:100:in `find_in_batches'
/my/ruby/gems/2.0/gems/activerecord-4.1.0/lib/active_record/querying.rb:9:in `find_in_batches'
/my/ruby/gems/2.0/gems/sunspot_rails-2.0.0/lib/sunspot/rails/searchable.rb:259:in `solr_index'




== Testing



 sudo /opt/local/share/mariadb/support-files/mysql.server start

 c ; bundle exec rake sunspot:solr:stop ; bundle exec rake sunspot:solr:stop RAILS_ENV=test ; bundle exec rake sunspot:solr:start ; bundle exec rake sunspot:solr:start RAILS_ENV=test ; bundle exec rake test


 bundle exec rake sunspot:solr:stop ; bundle exec rake sunspot:solr:start

 bundle exec rake sunspot:solr:stop RAILS_ENV=test ; bundle exec rake sunspot:solr:start RAILS_ENV=test ; bundle exec rake test  ; bundle exec rake sunspot:solr:stop RAILS_ENV=test

== Gemified with Jeweler

 vi Rakefile
 rake version:write

 rake version:bump:patch
 rake version:bump:minor
 rake version:bump:major

 rake gemspec

 rake install
 rake release

Copyright (c) 2010 [Jake Wendt], released under the MIT license
